---
layout: default
title: Tutorial Bias Advertising ImageStream Configuration
parent: Applications
nav_order: 3
---

This document provides a detailed explanation of the `ImageStream` configuration used in the Tutorial Bias Advertising application. An `ImageStream` is a Kubernetes resource that represents a logical view of all images with a specific tag and allows for the management of container images.

[Source](https://github.com/tosin2013/responsible-ai-ml-pipeline/blob/main/applications/tutorial_bias_advertising/deployment/tutorial-bias-advertising-is.yaml)

## Metadata

The `metadata` section contains annotations, name, namespace, and labels that help identify and categorize the `ImageStream`.

- **Annotations**:
  - `app.openshift.io/vcs-ref`: This annotation is typically used to store the version control system (VCS) reference, such as a Git commit hash.
  - `app.openshift.io/vcs-uri`: This annotation specifies the URI of the VCS repository, in this case, the GitHub repository for the responsible AI/ML pipeline.
  - `openshift.io/generated-by`: Indicates that this resource was generated by the OpenShift Web Console.

- **Name**: The name of the `ImageStream`, which is `tutorial-bias-advertising`.
- **Namespace**: The namespace where the `ImageStream` is deployed, which is `tutorial-bias-advertising`.
- **Labels**: Labels are used to organize and select resources. In this case, the labels are related to the application name and components.

## Spec

The `spec` section defines the desired state of the `ImageStream`.

- **lookupPolicy**:
  - `local`: If set to `false`, it means that the `ImageStream` will not only look for images in the local registry but also in external registries.

